After a bold and audacious Westernization revolution.
This is now an open and upright anti-war nation.
As I pedal forward my bicycle marked with the Japanese flag, evil spirits will disperse from my ICBM.
Looping the belt line,
I don't care if I'm constantly on the move.
Boys and girls must be unrivaled during the warring era.
In the floating world,
Thousands of cherry trees dissolve into the night
Not even your voice will reach.
This is a banquet inside a steel jail cell.
Look down on us from your guillotine.
The whole world is shrouded in hellish darkness.
Not even a lamenting song is audible. With your raygun, shoot out the azure sky and the far distance.
Hundreds of fights will give one the apperance of an officer.
The courtesans are going here and there on a parade for their regular guests.
Everyone, assemble here now!
It's a march of the saints. One! Two! Three! Four!
To pass through the gate to Zen
and achieve nirvana with cleansing,
The closing act must be a happy finale. Accompanied by applause from the audience.
Thousands of cherry trees dissolve into the night.
Not even your voice will reach.
This is a banquet inside a steel jail cell.
Look down on us from your guillotine.
The whole world is shrouded in hellish darkness.
Not even a lamenting song is audible.
The hill of hope is in the far distance.
So shoot up your flashlight grenade.
Looping the belt line,
I don't care if I'm constantly on the move.
Boys and girls must be unrivaled during the warring era.
Thousands of cherry trees dissolve into the night.
Not even your voice will reach.
This is a banquet inside a steel jail cell.
So jump off from your guillotine.
Thousands of cherry trees dissolve into the night.
You will sing and I will dance.
This is a banquet inside a steel jail cell.
So shoot randomly and ceaselessly with your raygun.